# Different models exploration result
The task of our group is fine-grained classification, which is more difficult than ordinary classification. In addition, the amount of data is not large enough, so there will be a problem of over fitting for the model. In order to solve this problem, it is necessary to make some strategies in each part. For example, in the prepossessing, data enhancement is needed to expand the diversity of data, so as to effectively avoid data over fitting. In order to explore the CNN model in this project, we designed several deep learning models for testing as below.
In this part, we suggest that students who do data prepossessing need to do a comparison to prove that data enhancement is effective. Then, it is impossible to train the large model only by relying on our data from the perspective of the model, so the small model came into my mind at first. Firstly, we designed a 5 conv-layer model. But the accuracy is not high for the simple CNN. And the loss is decreasing and the accuracy is improving with training iterations increasing. 
Then we add BatchNormalization to the model for legalization. So the final validation accuracy is higher than original accuracy. And the coverage time is shorter. But it can be seen that over fitting issue occurs: with the increasing training accuracy, the validation accuracy does not increase.
So, we add dropout layer to the model which can reduce over fitting. And the final accuracy is higher than original accuracy. Finally the over fitting issue is fixed. So it is good to relieve the over fitting phenomenon.
And we also tested the pre-trained the Xception model. The pre-trained model has better accuracy than CNN from scratch. Since we found that the accuracy was not very high, so we had to make the network deeper, which introduced the Xception, but it is a deep network and training alone could not fit, so we used the pre-trained model, which eventually improved the accuracy as below. And we also did data visualization for each model to guide our directions for next model optimization steps.

We learned how to design and optimize the deep learning modes especially CNN from our deep learning models exploration, 
